# 2024

# 2024-08

## 18

I returned from 2 weeks vacations.  
My family shack away from city.  
Like to sit on my 4x4 concrete plates spot.  
Take two light tables, chair, laptop, cables,  
keyborad, mouse, ear plugs, glasses, two sun umbrelas,  
power cable spool.  
Every day i setup this and take it back.  
Best is to sit with my back to house.  
After sun is down i sit in room by the lamp and laptop.  
Killed many moskitos, had many bites.  
Bed is bad there.  
Made phone holder and headphones stand from wood scraps.  
Miracle i found old wood glue,
my table saw, some last screws, little tools there.  
Took back old small metal vice.  
Like to take food, drink from shared kitchen and eat it alone.  
On the last day in a car there was some leafs in black plastic bags.  
I pushed my bags around these.  
I was sitting behind driver with headphones.  
In city i didnt sleep.

## 19

I stayed in bed late.  
Did loundry of all clothes i had on vacation spot.  
Did some unpacking.  
Ate sandwiches.  
Send some job requests.  
Watched 'Married With Children'.  
Sat with laptop.

## 20

Today i wake up at 09:00.  
Eaten sandwiches, drank coffe, no sugar.  
Stayed in bed for a while.  
Stored washed cloths from drayer to wardrobe.  
Moved jars with food to storage.  
Storage room dors had lock torn off.  
Light in my storage cell is burned.  
I cant delete my past messages to building admin.  
I messaged that to them. Will they react ?
Mother called. Told her, dont want to talk.  
Deleted all messages to my brothers on discord server.  
From couple of yeras, it was not easy.  
Coocked pasta.  
Microwaved it with tomato souce and cheese.  
Watched 'Married With Children'.  
Drank second coffe with milk.  
Updated my notes.  
30 pushups today.  
Send one job request.  
I deleted all dialogs with chatgpt.  
One long saved as text and converted to audio.  
I paid bill.  
Its nearly midnight as i close laptop.  
On phone till 02:00.

## 21

Wake up at 09:00.  
Coffe, sandwitches. No more bread.  
Watched 'The Mighty Jingles' playing game.  
Stayed in bed for some time.  
I looked at tomatos pots on balcony.  
Leafs are dead, but still there is life.  
Moved them on pot stands. Watered.  
Picked 0. 7 l of fruits.  
I thinked about rise and collapse.  
Universe dont have to anything.  
Pondered my main project and it's state.  
Coocking spagetii same as yesturday.  
Watched 'The Mighty Jingles' playing game.  
Watched 'Married With Children'.  
Made another loundry load.  
Tea.  
Send job requests. For hours.  
Freelancing is not for me.  
First time send for manual labor jobs.  
Bowel movement.  
Shower.  
I think to stream my coding.  
My setup is not ready.  
I would have joy to spend rest of my life alone.  
Stuck asking questions to chatgpt.  
Question is more important than answears.  
Watched 'Married With Children'.  
Its 02:00 at night when i close laptop.

## 22

Gone sleep probably at 03:00.  
Wake up at 09:00.  
Made my computer setup so i can stream coding.  
Use big pc. Use laptop, standing.  
Ate. Coffe.  
Gone to bed.  
Stored dry laundry.  
Watered plants.  
Made pancakes with jams. Ate 3.  
Watched jingles comment game play.  
Responded tp some jobs offers.  
Tea.
Tied cable for lamp to my bed so i can  
move storage box on the floor.  
Coding a bit. 'Married With Children' background.  
Put lamp at 2m shelf with wood clamp.  
There was to much reflections on monitors.  
It's 01:00.  
Segregated mails.  
Will have pancake and 'Married With Children'.  
J Krisnamurti to drift in bed.

## 23

Gone sleep at 03:00.  
Up at 9:00.  
Ate pancakes. Coffe.  
More bed.  
Gone shoping to Biedronka on bike.  
Two bags and backpack of groceries.  
Stored it.  
Watered plants. Cut dry leafs.  
Ate sandwitches. Banana. Tea.  
'Married With Children'.  
Made pan burgers.
Mopped flors. Dark water.  
Coding. I liked.  
Satisfaction, happy felling good.  
It's 02:00, sleepy.

## 24

Up later at 10:00.  
Snack. Coffe.  
More bed.  
Watered plants.
Idea of sheet pinned with wood clamps over sunbed.  
Tested. To much work, need these parts.  
Setup my pc for streaming.  
Declutter. Fix features.  
Sandwitches.  
Fix lamp cable to bed with strings to move box under.  
Did it again to fix bugs.  
Made spagetti.  
'jingles' plays 'Horizon' game.  
Changed sheet in bed to one with no elastic.  
Stuffing blankets under boards probably would help.  
This way bed feels better.  
Mopped flors again and balcony, cleaner water.  
Fixed my poster holder, pc monitor sun blocker screen.  
Added thin boards to hold poster. Used wood clamps.  
'Married With Children'.  
Sat to Pc. It's quiet, compared, laptop fan gives noise.  
Wearing good glasses. Have to fix broken ones i used on wire for to long.  
I thinked they had less powerfull lens and my eye would be safer,  
but a frikin wire is not comfortable.  
Those little things add up and you just dont want to do anything.  
Those little anoyences. To do you have to make it comfortable.  
Life dosent have plan.
Today was hot, 32 degrees. At 00:00 its 21.  
20 pushups today, from 2024.04.21 to 2024.08.25 i did 2735.  
I use app on phone that counts pushups with camera.  
5x30x20 is 3000 so it checks out.  
I have many traumas, from childhood, like most.  
I refactored class, it's to late.  
01:30 moving to bed.

## 25

Up later 10:00.  
Coffe. Snack.  
More bed.  
Watered plants.  
Poster fell from holder.  
Plastic broke a bit on top.  
Fix by placing wooden holders on both sides.  
Sandwitches.  
Spagetti.  
'Jingles playing Horizon'.  
'Thunderfoot in usa'.  
Felling a little down.  
I should sleep more.  
Dialog with chatgpt.  
Refactoring my code project.  
'Married with Children'.  
At 01:25 tired, bed.

## 26

Sleep at 03:00.  
Alarm at 07:00.  
Coffe and snack at 08:00.  
Sandwitches.  
Jingles talks about games.  
Watered plants.  
Refactoring code to new policies.  
Second coffe, sunbed, on balcony.  
Taking pictures of my clothes from wardrobe box.  
Watching 'Married with Children' on balcony.  
Despite sleepiness i waked up from the malaze form stupor.  
I mean in coding. It seems to go somewhere.  
Feeling that i rearly have. I like it.  
Nevermind coding, this feeling is what counts.  
Tomorow i have job meeting for cleaner worker at supermarket.  
Pc turned of at 23:35.  
Evryone can spout some bulshit, this is content creation basically.

## 27

Moved from bed at 09:00.  
Snack, coffe.  
Sandwitches.  
Watered plants.  
'Jingles', 'Married with Children'.  
Ignored job meeting in supermaket.  
No point without basic infromation i dint get.  
Second coffe on the balcony.  
Trun on big pc.  
In the evening i must turn my setup other way.  
Sound of refrigerator is killing me.  
Did 4 hours on code.  
We do what dosent interest us to survive,  
in order to continue doing that, insanity ?  
It's not about knowing. Cant know anything for sure.  
It's about obrservation and action.  
We are ai, software can be better version.

## 28

Wake up at 09:00.  
Watered plants.  
Colected 0.6 l of small tomatos.  
Eat. Drink water.  
Grinding my code project.  
Watching Yt in background.

## 29

Falling aspleep at 02:00, wake up at 10:00.  
Ate snacks, sandwitches, coffe.  
Sit to code.  
Tortillas.  
Coocked beans.  
Washed laundry, run dishwasher.  
With code i had a moment like healing of theoden king scene.
These code base is quite limited and thats is great since i bearly handle it.
Late time for bed.

## 30

Woke up around 08, but get form bed very late, noon or later.  
I was angry and misarable today. Comparing to others made it.  
Mother called. I blew up. This year summer break conficts was  
not avoided again.  
I wish it was organized better.  
Stored dishes from dishwaser and laundry.  
Ate two meals.  
Coded. See my code as junky. I loth that.  
Getting to bed 00:30 but with phone.

## 31

Woke up around 08, snack coffe.  
French toast.  
Allan Watts, 'Married with Childern'.  
Mopped floors.  
Coding.  
Torrtilas.  
Tim Dilon.  
Feeling anxcious, trying to be fine with it.  
Trying to coding in flow.  
To do this, dont care about blockage so much ?  
Thouth is mechanic, no need to put it from product  
to my psychology. As alive it should just move.  
It self organizing software.

# 2024-09

## 1

Woke up 10:00.  
Coffe, 2 sandwitches, snack.  
Still confused about my project.  
Just get on with it then anyway.  
Tortilla, french toast.  
Coding, ordering it, decloutering.  
Cleaning notes.  
Going to sleep at 02:14.

## 2

Woke up 09:00.  
Oatmeal, coffe.  
Later shower.  
Sitting on balcony, planning.  
Water.  
Project.  
Shit, shower.  
Project.  
I must watch to not get burned again.  
Grocery shoping using bike.  
Storing grocery in refrigerator and shelves.  
Cooking oven potatos, pan burger meat with fresh tomatos.  
'Maried with Children'.  
Today i felt calmer, les stressed,  
but not well slept.  
Moved my pc's setup away from noisy refrigerator.  
Removed old router. Using new from net provider directly.  
Probably better lan and wifi.
Project.

## 3

Woke up suprizingly 07:00.  
Reorganizing room again.  
Sandwitches, coffe.  
Removed one stool, removed parts from two others.  
Unscrewed with driller.  
Stored it in storage.  
Water with ice.  
Sit on balcony for moment.  
Tomatos are nearly spent.  
Soil still wet.  
3m from refrigerator but still annoying.  
Ear plugs.  
Project.  
Phone from mother. She wants me to job.
Project.
Balcony with 'Married with Children', coffe, sugar, milk, snacks.  
Project.
Spagetti, laying, phone.
Project.

## 4

Woke up 07:30, coffe, oats, up 11:20.  
Searching job.  
Project.  
Oven potatos, pan burger meat and beans.  
Inventory of my stuff.  
Started do pushups again, after some pains, still some.  
It's 00:20, should be sleeping 2 hrs already.

## 5

Woke 08:30.  
Snack, coffe.  
Two sandwitches with meat.  
Tea.  
Watered plants.  
My flat looks well :).  
'Married with Childeren'.  
Allan Watts.  
Project.

## 6

Mopped floors and balcony.  
Did some experimenting with available webtech.  
Sleep late as usual.

## 7

Up at 10:00.  
Coffe, snack.  
Watered plants.  
Fist of mini tomatos.  
Project on laptop.  
Then diy.  
Moved wood to apartment.  
Dit prototype of high stand for lamp.  
Then cuts, drilling, glueing, screws in basement storage cell.  
Tim Dillon. Sandwitches, frozen fruit.  
Shower after at 23:15.

## 8

Very late up.  
Listen to Krisnamurti with Anderson for 1hr.  
I feel frustrated with my projects.  
Streming imposible with my pc setup.  
Changed setup again. Whole day.  
Late lunch.  
I refuse to do project late.  
I feel its just pointless play.  
Will listen to philosophy and go to sleep.  
Actually did not take phone to bed.

## 9

First chill stream.  
Under first semi comfortable setup i created.  
My youngest brother disturebed me late with call with job topics.

## 11

Sending a lot of cv.  
I easily anger on people.  
I should care not to do this.  
Time to see this simple truth, it only hurts me.  
Streaming. Collision detection.

## 12

Alarm 06:00.  
Coffe, oats.  
'Krisnamurti Anderson' dialog.  
Notes.  
Gone to employment office.  
It might cost me job as recruteirs called and it was to laud in tram to talk.

## 13

Documentation webpage with audio.

## 14

DIY day.  
Trash day.  
Took out 3 loads of glass jars to trash.  
Moved most glass jars to storage on -1 level.  
Left half of a shelf of them.  
Took wooden headphones stands and disassembled them.  
Leaved one. Disassembled panels from two coffe tables.  
They need to be cut to fit base better.  
Took woodclamps and wood to storage.  
Took mic and lamp stand to storage to work on it.  
Cut part and drilled and screwed them in.  
Now stand has a mic arm/holder and lamp holder.  
Lamp holder is a cube of wood with hole for lamp metal pipe,  
screwed down to top of the stand, with one screw, below lamp.  
I like this.
I like advanced sftuff from factories, electrics, electronics.  
I also like do something myself from materials.

## 15

World is nice picture.  
Yet it happened, dosent interest me.  
When the art is real ? When you want to do it ?  
What is 'me' ? Is it becouse my daddy insisted to called me a name.  
Fiction for needs of communication. We made it up as we go.  
It's funny how people need some power figure and then wonder what it does with them.  
Vented all day. Then on my project i stopped, quiet down.

## 16

Job site vist.  
Job people are very keen on gap.  
They dont understand noncomercial personal project.  
Removed all tomatoes.  
Cut them, put in bio garbage.  
Unscrewed all pot stands with drill.  
Put it in storage.  
I dont think med with no borders changes much.  
Told it to activist.  
Mopped floors.  
Reading project class.
Late, 02:00.

## 17

Grocery shoping.  
Maybe i should use self checkout.  
Move pots under balcony wall, in line.  
Next time i will use only 6 pots, 3 stands.  
Dad phoned. Came here with apples.  
I packed slowly old pc junk and broken solar battery.  
He took it with car, to utilize it.  
At last i get rid of that.  
Then i sorted things in flat.  
I moved things grouping their components togeter.  
Designated things to get rid of and to investigate it they are needed.  
I hope to declputer and feel better for it and with it.

## 18

Sorted out electronic components to boxes.  
Trashed broken ones.  
10 pushups.  
Project setup.  
No effort, just dont care.  
Got rid of some trash.

## 19

Weird day.  
Cant focus, changing context all the time.  
Consolidated dirt to 6 big pots, moved rest to storage.  
Steel chain, moved to storage. Idea to hang bike on it.  
Moved boxes with shues and bike stuff to wardrobe.  
Made photos of this stuff. That feed some storage space.  
So hard to do documentation well, even with chatgpt.  
Tomorow must finish diy stuff.  
Late 01:09. I keep ignore sleep, bad idea.

## 20

DIY friday.  
Whole day in storage.  
Made long holders for big poster.  
To block sun, to shade monitors.  
Cut two panels for coffe tables.  
Screw them in.

## 21

DIY saturday.  
Removed a lot of stuff from plastick box to storage.  
These were tools. Sorted stuff in box, string, wires.  
Cut 1m of plywood. It was shelf for keyboard.  
Now its kitchen island so not needed.  
Art on posters was horizontaly.  
Put posters vertically. Put art vertically.  
Removed art. Put them horizontally, more shade.  
I am tired of obssesing to get rid of things.  
Need less frequency for this.

## 22

No meanning at all.  
Lets kill 500.000 and install new companies.  
Meaning is just cloud in the mind.  
Good coffe, breakfast. Music.  
Art is done, becouse you exist, or becouse you want to buy new tits, or both.  
Done 3 jars of jam from apples in fridge.
I need sleep its 23:16.

## 23

Coffe, snack, then french toast, tea.  
Done 3 jars of jam from apples in fridge, again.  

## 24

Grocery shopping. 
Done jam in 2 pots.

## 25

Pot of apple jam, in jars.
Project.